Feat (Aave): Decode interests separately (#8409)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`-` Rotki will now decode interests earned from aave separately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`-` Rotki will now decode interest earned from aave as independent events.
```
